Update logs navigation (#3795)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/logs-checklist.asciidoc

[[logs-checklist]]
= Log monitoring

Logs are an important tool for ensuring the performance and reliability of your applications and infrastructure. They provide important information for debugging, analyzing performance, and managing compliance.

> Here, you'll find resources for sending log data to {es}, configuring your logs, and analyzing your logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides resources for sending log data to {es}, configuring your logs, and analyzing your logs.
```
For accessibility purposes, we tend to replace generic terms like "here" with more specific references, especially for screen readers that cannot locate what "here" refers to.
